Update imetadataassemblyemit-defineassembly-method.md (#30546)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/metadata/imetadataassemblyemit-defineassembly-method.md

 [in] The human-readable text name of the assembly. This value must not exceed 1024 characters.  
  
 `pMetaData`  

>  [in] A pointer to an [ASSEMBLYMETADATA](/dotnet/framework/unmanaged-api/metadata/assemblymetadata-structure) instance that contains the version, platform, and locale information for the assembly.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 [in] A pointer to an [ASSEMBLYMETADATA](assemblymetadata-structure.md) instance that contains the version, platform, and locale information for the assembly.  
```
